# CS-210_Programming_Languages
Chosen Showcase for CS-210

  This was the third project I submitted for CS-210. For the project we were tasked with designing and developing a bank app that calculated compound interest using user provided data. The program then needed to output the calculated interest and balance for each year as a table. The reason I chose this project is because it was by far the most complex. We were required to acutally design the program, so the amount of effort required to finish the project far surpassed other assignments.
  Overall the process went well. I think that I kept the code relatively clean and I didn't leave any memory leaks, memory management being something that I am relatively new to. At one point in development, I was using pointers for the UI object, but ultimately decided that I would make the UI static, and would ultimately pass Account objects as references to its functions.
  As for improvements, I think that safety could be improved. While I do have checks for user input, I could have been more thorough. One other example of this is in a section where the input stream needs to be reset in the case of a failed input. In order to do this, I simply ignore a certain number of characters, which doesn't fix an issue where the user inputs more than the ignored number of characters.
  The most challenging part of the process was the initial design. There was three way communication between the main loop, the Account object, and the UI object that needed to occur. The end result was that I had to deviate significantly from my original design, although I am happy with the results. As for the most challenging piece of code to write, that would be the output code, since console output is always a bit finicky. I heavily relied on C++ reference websites for this section.
  I think that the skills related to the design of the program will definitely be the most important takeaway from this project. Bing able to clearly think out a process, and then translate it into code, even if there needs to be changes, is invaluable.
  Finally, in terms of maintainability and readibility, I think this program does fairly well. I may have overused inline functions, but I made sure that all complicated function definitions were located in source files rather than header files. Additionally everything is well commented to allow for easy reading and indentation is proper.
  
